I later learned that there was a great
deal of interrogation behind the scenes
that went on and possibly hypnosis and
sodium pentathol and I don't know that
firsthand but I've heard that two or
three different sources okay and is that
possible I mean you being the deputy
base commander that some of your
security personnel would be debriefed by
other groups without you knowing very
common really and I recall who would do
that sort of debriefing well in this
case it would probably be initiated by
the OSI but the OSI probably didn't do
it directly mm-hmm as I remember the
intelligence responsibilities for
various areas is divided up amongst the
Services Army Navy Air Force and Marine
I think Brian I'm not sure about the
Marine Corps but and as I remembered
n is now it's called NCIS has a
fantastic program on TV about them I had
responsibilities for England and I would
be willing to bet that been ni enable
intelligence service and probably their
British counterparts were involved I
suspected the local OSI handled it all
off to them no I did I did corner the
OSI commander and his deputy I'm not
long after I said you guys have an
interest or anything else you know Mike
and I got a oh no no we don't really
care about that sort of stuff mm-hmm
not true but again I was very naive and
trusting yeah so how much stock do you
put into the possibility that this other
interrogation went on and why would the
heli be I would be willing to bet that
one of the alleged participants has been
used significantly for disinformation
hmm one that talks about little green
men and repair parts coming from our
avionics shop things that are so far out
that you know makes the whole thing look
ridiculous yeah and I want to get to
that in a second and I know of course
exactly what you're talking about but
with Burroughs and Penniston for
instance why would they use him
and pentathlon them to get more
information out or Thai possibly muddle
their their recollections I suspect
maybe both but primarily to get the
whole story out because I'm pretty
firmly convinced that both them didn't
want to talk about it mm-hmm
didn't want to say any more than they
had to say